.TH OTTER-BROWSER 1 "January 2015" "" "USER COMMANDS"
.SH NAME
otter-browser \- the web browser controlled by the user, not vice-versa
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B otter-browser
[\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fIPATH\fR|\fIURL\fR|\fITERM\fR...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
See the Otter Browser wiki for help on using the browser:
.IP
<https://github.com/OtterBrowser/otter-browser/wiki/>
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-profile\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Specifies the directory that profile (user data) is kept in.
Defaults to \fI~/.config/otter\fR.
.TP
\fB\-\-cache\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Specifies the directory that cache data is kept in.
Defaults to \fI~/.cache/otter\fR.
.TP
\fB\-\-session\fR=\fIIDENTIFIER\fR
Tries to load session specified by \fIIDENTIFIER\fR.
.TP
\fB\-\-private-session\fR
Starts private session.
.TP
\fB\-\-session-chooser\fR
Forces session chooser dialog.
.TP
\fB\-\-portable\fR
Sets profile and cache paths to directories inside
the same directory as that of application binary.
.TP
\fB\-\-new-tab\fR=\fIURL\fR
Loads URL in new tab.
.TP
\fB\-\-new-private-tab\fR=\fIURL\fR
Loads URL in new private tab.
.TP
\fB\-\-new-window\fR=\fIURL\fR
Loads URL in new window.
.TP
\fB\-\-new-private-window\fR=\fIURL\fR
Loads URL in new private window.
.TP
\fB\-\-readonly\fR
Tells application to avoid writing data to disk.
.TP
\fB\-\-report\fR
Prints out diagnostic report and exits application.
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Show list of supported command line options.
.TP
\fB\-v\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Show version information.
.PP
As a Qt application, Otter also obeys Qt command-line flags, see the Qt
documentation for complete list:
.IP
<http://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qguiapplication.html#QGuiApplication>
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.config/otter
Default directory for configuration data.
.TP
.I ~/.cache/otter
Default directory for cache data.
.SH BUGS
Bug tracker:
.IP
https://github.com/OtterBrowser/otter-browser/issues
.PP
Be sure to do your search within open and closed issues before submitting reports.
.SH AUTHOR
The Otter Browser Team \- <https://otter-browser.org>
